whats up guys its sign for you here
bring you a war band's guide before i
actually do that i have another channel
it's not going to be runescape or
anything it's going to be a strictly
gaming channel you guys want to check it
out links always in the description you
guys could take the time and actually
you know watch that video would be much
appreciated i'm going to be doing all
sorts of gaming stuff so you know if you
guys want to see it it's pretty cool so
basically this is my warband guide um
link in the description um this is going
to be my warbands guide on telling you
guys how to get 300 k XP day on all in
all those tedious skills the following
skills you can get through to KX pn are
in fact hunter no not hunter its mining
smithing herblore construction and
farming so those are all very tedious
skills some are expensive some are
annoying something a very long time so
they're really really good skills come
to train through war bands and this is a
very simple guide so for its things
first you're going to have to go to a
website i just type in warband PK and
then i go to the warband tracker now
once here it'll tell you how to do what
it basically it'll say the world it'll
say the time until the world is on
actually active and it'll say the FC so
basically if it says world 39 or banding
and then it's you just go to world 39
we're banding and it says five minutes
left means there's only about five
minutes to the next war ban so you just
sit in edgeville and then it's basically
that so once you've actually found a
team there will ninety-nine percent of
the time be a taxi to actually take you
there but notice if you guys are not
actually in the FC the percentage of you
actually getting decade on those worlds
is close to a hundred percent now if a
world says free-for-all do not go on
that world as there's a ninety-nine
percent chance you'll be peak aid on
shared worlds there will be a certain
team cape
to be used so if it's a share will use
those team capes no guys there will
always be a chance of being peak aid but
chance is always extremely though so
once you go there there will be a
certain location there will be either
these three locations there's one near
dark words fortress there's one near
lava flow maze and there's one near Red
Dragon Isle now I'm going to put a
picture on screen right about now and
then those are the three spots I have
them circled so if you guys actually
want to go and go to those spots without
using the taxi you can example if you
already have a lava Titan and you don't
feel like waiting for everybody else so
once you're in the camp there will be a
bunch of weird stuff going on i highly
recommend don't even doing anything just
sitting there until everything is done
and then there will only be three out of
the five certain things that you want so
maybe it'll be maybe you want mining but
mining isn't there so you choose
something else or you actually do not
have to do it and then you can just wait
until the next one and then it has for
me or mining in that case I personally
if the one that mine isn't there I
choose construction and on the rare
equation on the rare occasion that both
farming and construction or not there I
just do not do that warp and and I wait
for the another one warbands only count
when you actually do or actually pick up
a supply they do not activate just by
you being there notice you can only do
three warbands every day and then the
time resets at 8pm EST and 1 a.m. gmt so
that's just to keep it relative that's
on the west coast it should be around
5pm LST or something i have a no idea
what it is so once you're there you just
pick up your supplies and then you get
the heck out of there I bring I bring
three pieces of food p is you only get
25 supplies per each one and then once
there you have
to walk all the way back and talk to the
elm and then right-click rewards and
then you get your XP now there is a
small chance of at any given point for a
person to get a one of treachery if you
get it you're unlucky and you're also
lucky if you happen to have a yak scroll
on you you can yack it back extremely
fast before you get killed if not you'll
ninety-nine percent of the time get
killed p is there is a 10-second penalty
before you can actually log out if you
have the one of treachery so that's one
of the bad things and trust me people
will find you really really fast every
single time a person gets it I just see
my screen flooded with people moving and
then the guy's dead so there's always a
chance of being PK but it's very very
unlikely stay on the FC if you're not an
FC I don't recommend going to the
warband unless you're going to pk I hope
you guys did enjoy this short guide it's
not supposed to be some super super long
time that takes hours and hours to learn
how to do or bands it's a simple mini
game that gets you d snacks pee every
single day so once again guys if you
want to check out my gaming channel
links down below in the description and
I hope you guys enjoyed this um guide
this is line fury Sonia